migration: better explain existing limitations (#81)
NethServer/nethsecurity-docs: migration.rst

7. Complete the migration on first boot: upon the first boot of NethSecurity, the configuration from NethServer 7 will be automatically migrated.
   Ensure to carefully verify all settings and services to confirm they have been migrated correctly.

After completing the migration, follow the :ref:`post-migration steps <post-migration-section>` to ensure the system is correctly configured.

.. _import_migration-section:

Migration with other installed modules
======================================

> This scenario involves exporting a configuration archive from NethServer 7 and importing it into NethSecurity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This scenario involves exporting a special configuration archive from NethServer 7 and importing it into NethSecurity.
```

Author: Added.

6. Click :guilabel:`Migrate` to start the migration process

After completing the migration, follow the :ref:`post-migration steps <post-migration-section>` to ensure the system is correctly configured.

.. _post-migration-section:

Post migration steps
====================

The in-place migration process is executed when the system is offline. Since the registration process requires an active Internet connections,
the subscription is not migrated during the in-place migration.

> If you have execute an in-place migration, you must :ref:`register the system <subscription-section>` again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have performed an in-place migration, you must :ref:`register the system <subscription-section>` again.
```

This step is not necessary if you have performed a migration with the exported archive method.

Then, verify that all services are working correctly. If you encounter any issues, refer to the :ref:`troubleshooting section <troubleshooting-section>`.

Migrated configurations
=======================

During the migration, the following configurations will be imported from NethServer 7:

> - Root password: it can be used to access the system via SSH and the web interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Password of the *root* user: it can be used to access the system via SSH and the web interface
```

- Network configuration: everything should be migrated except for bridges over bonds that are not supported
- Date and timezone
- DHCP servers and reservations: DHCP server on bonds interfaces are not supported
- DNS configuration with host definition: TFTP options are migrated, but not the content of the TFTP server.
  To re-enable the service make sure to manually setup ``tftp_root`` option
- Static IPv4 routes
- Port forwards
- Firewall rules: rules using NDPI services are not supported; source and destination objects are not currently supported and will be converted
  to rules with IP/CIDR addresses; all NAT helpers are automatically loaded after the migration with standard kernel parameters
- MultiWAN configuration: providers will be preserved while divert rules (policy routing) are not migrated
- QoS: classes with reserved bandwidth and rules are not supported

> - OpenVPN Road Warrior: all configuration is migrated; existing accounting database of client connections is not migrated, finally mail notification is not still supported on NethSecurity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OpenVPN Road Warrior: all settings are migrated; the accounting database of client connections is not migrated, finally mail notification is still not supported on NethSecurity
```
